beauty or doing tutorial to teach
how to make rock in inep 3d then
first you go in the cid very fast video
too fast
the headquarters in origins and here you in edit
then add that on top
you will put your extension
decide to put the link in the description of the
video you state that you will meet elis
it one point more rest space point
mark add will have to add no
I'll sign it because it's okay, she
will check my she will need
because I already installed you will not
install wait a little bit to
to install reality back to the site
then made after she said will
appear here extension marketing
will open it not all packets of
who will marry the snap game name
so there and here I'm already installed
so it's just you see install here I go
leave here and I'll open the game for you
to see
this message appeared and then the tank
I hope I will carry very simple people
This will do when I feel like playing the
game is usually a little bit and
that that agent will dance makes normal
so let's go there too complicated here
to drink tea not only with the brand leaves
I see if I can this level is
[Music]
you do not have it now either because
playing alone with the mother is half
complicated
observe that the money there I
already after the mission it will start
generate your money can not stay
My quiet because already 100 have
the radio is already installed and that's it
That's it , everyone.
thank you very much and thanks